# Speedioc #

A lightweight, high performance, experimental IoC container for .NET

STATUS: **Experimental**


Overview
--------

Speedioc is a lightweight, high performance IoC container for .NET 
that uses code generation to dynamically generate and compile container 
assemblies. Containers can be precompiled and support static and dynamic 
injection including constructor, field, property and method injection. 
Once a container is configured and compiled, it is immutable but 
resolves instances very fast.

Speedioc supports saving the generated C# source code file which can be 
used to read and debug allowing Visual Studio to step right into the 
generated source. The generated source code file contains detailed 
comments on the generated members which may be used to map them back to 
your registration code.


Injection
---------

Speedioc supports the following types of injection:

- Constructor injection
- Field injection
- Property injection
- Method injection

For each injection type, values may be:

- Literal, such as a string or a literal value type (bool, int, etc.)
- Resolved from the same container
- Provided dynamically from a value factory, a delegate that provides 
  the value (e.g. `Func<T>`) usually generated by a lambda expression


What Else Should I Know?
------------------------

Speedioc is very simplistic and is *not* a full-featured dependency 
injection framework. 

At this time, it does not support:

- Resolving all instances of a type. This has not been implemented.
- There is no support for configuration files of any kind. 
  All configuration and type registration is programmatic.

